I've designed these animations with a Seiken Densetsu 3 (Trials of Mana) combat style in mind. Here's how that works:
	When enemies are present, the characters draw weapons automatically.
	While in this combat mode, movement is restricted to a relatively slow shuffle (no running or jumping with weapon drawn).
	Attacks automatically target the nearest enemy.
	When enemies are defeated, the characters auto sheath their weapons and can resume normal movement.
	If you want to have your characters run or jump with their weapon drawn, you'll need to add the optional spear sprite layers to page 1 of the base.


This asset contains 2 layers (0bas, 6tla) on 3 new pages (pPOL1, pPOL2, and pPOL3).
Optionally, you may apply the 6tla layer for page 1B (p1B) the polearm alternate for page 1 of the Base, if you want your character to walk around with a spear.
Layer 6tla contains the spear sprites with proper placement.
The spear sprites will need to move in front of or behind the player sprite depending on facing/animation.
Most of it will be obvious, but I've included some reference images to help.


Polearm page 1 (pPOL1) contains the following animations:

	Draw/sheath spear. The first 3 columns in the top half of the page.
	You should transition this animation directly into the spear idle.
	Run this animation in reverse to stow your weapon.
	In my sample, I held frames 1 and 2 for a few beats while spinning the spear sprites, but you can replace these with non-spinny sprites if you choose.

	Parry. Column 4, top half.
	The character holds the spear up to deflect or block an attack while in spear idle.
	Best if you pair it with some kind of flash or spark effect (not included).

	Evade. Column 5, top half.
	Used for dodging attacks while in spear idle.

	Get hit. Column 6, top half.
	Used for getting hit while in spear idle.

	Knockdown. Columns 6 through 8, top half.
	Repeat 6 and 7 a couple times for a little bounce (see my sample gifs). 

	// The bottom half is intentionally left blank at this point. I may add something there in a future update.


Polearm page 2 (pPOL2) contains the following animations:

	Spear idle. Columns 1 through 4, top half.
	This is a loop. I like 200ms on each frame.

	Spear move. Columns 5 through 6, top half.
	This is a shuffling combat-ready walk cycle. I like 140ms, 140ms, 200ms, 240ms.

	Spear dash, retreat. Columns 1 and 2, bottom half.
	Hold column 1 for a beat, then use column 2 to leap backwards, then play column 1 again before returning to idle.
	This is like a jump back or dodge animation.

	Spear dash, lunge. Columns 1 and 3, bottom half.
	Just like the retreat above, but use column 3 and make the character leap forward.
	Both of these dashes can be used in conjunction with the slash or thrust attack animations for cool special skill attacks.
 
	// The rest of page 2 is intentionally left blank at this point. I may add something there in a future update.

Polearm page 2 (pPOL3) contains the following animations:
	
	Attack, slash. Columns 4 through 3, top half.

	Attack, thrust. Two types, columns 1-3 and columns 4-6, all bottom half. 

	/ The rest of page 3 is intentionally left blank at this point. I may add something there in a future update.


FINAL NOTE: You can find all these animations in the "spear animation demo" gif in the samples folder. They give you a good example of the timing of each one.
The way Aseprite handles animations would've made it a big hassle to set up the spear sprites on the appropriate layers, though, so just ignore that :-)

