I've designed these animations with a Seiken Densetsu 3 (Trials of Mana) combat style in mind. Here's how that works:
	When enemies are present, the characters draw weapons automatically.
	While in this combat mode, movement is restricted to a relatively slow shuffle (no running or jumping with weapon drawn).
	Attacks automatically target the nearest enemy.
		This is why I prefer shooting up (45 degrees) as opposed to shooting straight in a Zelda 3 style.
		If bow attacks auto-target the nearest enemy, you can arc the arrow in-engine to hit the nearest enemy.
		You can use the up-shoot animation for ANY trajectory this way.
		Otherwise you need to line up your character and can only fire in 4 directions, Zelda 3 style.
		I find this restrictive and arbitrary: not fun. But hey, it's your game!
		You can still do the Zelda 3 style archery using these sprites, but that's not TECHNICALLY what they were designed for.
	When enemies are defeated, the characters auto sheath their weapons and can resume normal movement.
	If you want to have your characters run or jump with their weapon drawn, you'll need to add the optional bow/quiver layers to page 1 of the base.


This asset contains 5 layers (0bas, 1out, 4har, 6tla, 7tlb) on 3 new pages (pBOW1, pBOW2, pBOW3).
Layer 6tla (bo01) contains the bow sprites with proper placement.
Layer 7tlb (qv01) contains the quiver sprites with proper placement.
The bow and quiver sprites will need to move in front of or behind the player sprite depending on facing/animation.
Most of it will be obvious, but I've included some reference images to help (look for the "layer order" images in the "guides" folder).
I've included all the individual bow & quiver sprites on a separate sheet so you can use a different system if you don't like what I've done with the layers.


Bow page 1 (pBOW1) contains the following animations:

	Draw/sheath bow. The first 3 columns in the top half of the page.
	You should transition this animation directly into the bow idle.
	Run this animation in reverse to stow your weapon.
		Note: For a better quality sheath, use the individual bow sprites as objects, rather than the layer sheet. Then you can apply a reversed motion blur.

	Parry. Column 4, top half.
	Use for deflecting attacks while in bow idle.

	Evade. Column 5, top half.
	Used for dodging attacks while in bow idle.

	Get hit. Column 6, top half.
	Used for getting hit while in bow idle.
		Note: This looks better if the character shakes a bit and there's an impact special effect (you'll have to buy those elsewhere or make your own).

	Knockdown. Columns 6 through 8, top half.
	Looks best if you repeat 6 and 7 a couple times for a little bounce. 

	The bottom half of page 1 is intentionally left blank. I may add more animations later.


Bow page 2 (pBOW2) contains the following animations:

	Bow idle. Columns 1 through 4, top half.
	This is a loop. I like 200ms on each frame.

	Bow move. Columns 5 through 6, top half.
	This is a shuffling combat-ready walk cycle. I like 140ms, 140ms, 200ms, 240ms.

	Retreat & lunge (bow dodge)
	Column 1 on the bottom half is the crouch frame you use both before and after the lunge or retreat.
	Column 2 is the retreat frame, used while the character sprite jumps backward.
	Column 3 is the lunge frame, used while the character sprite jumps forward.
	To run a retreat animation...
		Start with the crouch (column 1) for 200ms, then play the retreat frame (column 2) while moving the sprite back, then play clouch for 200ms again upon landing.
	To run the lunge animation...
		Start with the crouch (column 1) for 200ms, then play the lunge frame (column 3) while moving the sprite forward, then play clouch for 200ms again upon landing.


	// Columns 4 through 8 of page 2 are intentionally left blank for now. I may add something there in a future update.


Bow page 3 (pBOW3) contains the following animations:

	Nock and fire arrow.
	The top half of the page is an 8-frame animation for shooting the arrow at a 45 degree angle up.
	The bottom half of the page is an 8-frame animation for shooting the arrow straight.
	In both cases, I recommend the following frame timings (in milliseconds): 180, 100, 100, 100, 400, 50, 50, 100
	You will need to add the arrow yourself as an object that moves on its own trajectory. See my sample images for an example of how the arrow is nocked.

